README.md, before:

# Evently - Event Management Website Built Using Next.js

## Introduction

Welcome to Evently, an event management website developed using Next.js. This application allows users to discover, explore, and manage events seamlessly. You can access the live deployment of Evently at [https://nextjs-evently-sabir.vercel.app/](https://nextjs-evently-sabir.vercel.app/).

## Features

- **Event Discovery:** Browse through a wide range of events by searching and filtering.
- **User Authentication:** Create an account or log in to access personalized features.
- **Event Details:** View detailed information about each event, including date, time, location, and description.
- **Event Registration:** Register for events you're interested in attending.
- **Create Your Own Event:** Host and manage your events on Evently.
- **Attendee Tracking:** Monitor the list of attendees for your events.
- **Payment Management:** Keep track of the money paid by attendees for your events.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js:** A React framework for building server-side rendered and static web applications.
- **Vercel:** Hosting platform for serverless deployment of web applications.

## Getting Started

To run Evently locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Muhammad-Sabir/nextjs-evently.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd nextjs-evently
```

3. Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

4. Run the development server:

```
npm run dev
```

5. Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000

Commit message:

Update README to reflect project name change and enhance feature descriptions

README.md, after:

# Evently - Event Management Website Built Using Next.js

## Introduction
Gumii is a comprehensive event management platform designed to simplify the process of discovering, hosting, and managing events. Built using Next.js, Gumii offers a seamless user experience with features such as event discovery, user authentication, event registration, and payment management. 

## Features
![Homepage](/public/homepage.png)

- **Event Discovery:** Browse through a wide range of events by searching and filtering.
- **User Authentication:** Create an account or log in to access personalized features.
![Auth](/public/auth.png)
- **Manage User Account:** Update your profile, change your password, and manage your account settings.
![Manage Account](/public/manageaccount.png)

- **Event Details:** View detailed information about each event, including date, time, location, and description.
- **Event Registration:** Register for events you're interested in attending.
- **Create Your Own Event:** Host and manage your events on Evently.
![Create Event](/public/createevent.png)

- **Attendee Tracking:** Monitor the list of attendees for your events.
- **Payment Management:** Keep track of the money paid by attendees for your events.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js:** A React framework for building server-side rendered and static web applications.
- **mongodb** for database
- **Clerk** for authenthication
## Getting Started

To run Evently locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/abdiesu04/Gumii.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd Gumii
```

3. Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

4. Run the development server:

```
npm run dev
```

5. Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000
